docs: Add new ModuleConfig fields documentation (#83)
kyma-project/modulectl: cmd/modulectl/create/long.txt

- channel:          a string, required, channel that should be used in the ModuleTemplate CR
- manifest:         a string, required, reference to the manifest, must be a URL

- defaultCR:        a string, optional, reference to a YAML file containing the default CR for the module, must be a URL
- mandatory:        a boolean, optional, default=false, indicates whether the module is mandatory to be installed on all clusters
- resourceName:     a string, optional, default={NAME}-{CHANNEL}, the name for the ModuleTemplate CR that will be created
- internal:         a boolean, optional, default=false, determines whether the ModuleTemplate CR should have the internal flag or not
- beta:             a boolean, optional, default=false, determines whether the ModuleTemplate CR should have the beta flag or not
- security:         a string, optional, name of the security scanners config file
- labels:           a map with string keys and values, optional, additional labels for the generated ModuleTemplate CR
- annotations:      a map with string keys and values, optional, additional annotations for the generated ModuleTemplate CR

> - manager: # an object, optional, module resource that indicates the installation readiness of the module

Reviewer: What does the "#" mean?
For lines 27 to 36, would it be possible to align the indentation for the fields' descriptions so that they are in one line with the rest? :)

Author: so the # is the comment because if I just wrote the description without it, a formatting error is shown because I have the fields below

    name: a string, required, the name of the module resource
    namespace: a string, optional, the namespace of the module resource
    group: a string, required, the API group of the module resource
    version: a string, required, the API version of the module resource
    kind: a string, required, the API kind of the module resource
- associatedResources: a list of Group-Version-Kind(GVK), optional, resources that should be cleaned up with the module deletion

> - resources: # a map wih string keys and values, optional, additional resources of the module that may be fetched

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- resources: # a map with string keys and values, optional, additional resources of the module that may be fetched
```
What does the "#" mean?

    - name: a string, required, the name of the resource

>       link: a URL, required, the link to the resource

Reviewer: Sorry for being stubborn about that... Can the strings that belong to the manager object be also indented in the same way?

```

The **manifest** file contains all the module's resources in a single, multi-document YAML file. These resources will be created in the Kyma cluster when the module is activated.
The **defaultCR** file contains a default custom resource for the module that is installed along with the module. It is additionally schema-validated against the Custom Resource Definition.
The CRD used for the validation must exist in the set of the module's resources.

> The **resources** are copied to the ModuleTemplate spec.resources. If it does not have an entry named 'raw-manifest', then the ModuleTemplate spec.resources will populate this entry from the **manifest** field specified in the moduleconfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **resources** are copied to the ModuleTemplate **spec.resources**. If it does not have an entry named 'raw-manifest', the ModuleTemplate **spec.resources** populates this entry from the **manifest** field specified in the moduleconfig.
```
"moduleconfig" - I'm wondering if this is a filename or field's name?

Author: that is the file name
